Runtime 5.1 release notes (#1701)
astronomer/docs: software_versioned_docs/version-0.29/runtime-release-notes.md

- The [ExternalPythonOperator](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/2.4.0/howto/operator/python.html#externalpythonoperator), which can execute Python code in a virtual environment with different Python libraries and dependencies than your core Airflow environment.
- Automatic DAG registration. You no longer need to specify `as dag` when defining a DAG object.
- Support for [zipping](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/2.4.0/concepts/dynamic-task-mapping.html#combining-upstream-data-aka-zipping) dynamically mapped tasks.

For a complete list of commits, see the [Apache Airflow 2.4.0 release notes](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/release_notes.html#airflow-2-4-0-2022-09-19).

### Additional improvements

- Upgraded `astronomer-providers` to 1.9.0, which includes two new deferrable versions of the operators from the dbt provider package. See the [Astronomer Providers changelog](https://github.com/astronomer/astronomer-providers/blob/1.9.0/CHANGELOG.rst).
- Upgraded `openlineage-airflow` to version `0.14.1`. See the [OpenLineage changelog](https://github.com/OpenLineage/OpenLineage/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).

## Astro Runtime 5.1.0

> - Release date: January 4, 2022

Author: ```suggestion
- Release date: January 4, 2023
```

### Additional improvements

> - The Cloud UI no longer shows source code for [supported Airflow operators](data-lineage-support-and-compatibility.md#supported-airflow-operators) by default. To reenable this feature for a given Deployment, create an [environment variable](environment-variables.md) with a key of `OPENLINEAGE_AIRFLOW_DISABLE_SOURCE_CODE` and a value of `False`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Cloud UI no longer shows source code for [supported Airflow operators](data-lineage-support-and-compatibility.md#supported-airflow-operators) by default. To enable this feature for a Deployment, create an [environment variable](environment-variables.md) with a key of `OPENLINEAGE_AIRFLOW_DISABLE_SOURCE_CODE` and a value of `False`.
```
